README.md, before:

## ssh-github-auth: Authenticate your SSH server using Github Organizations


This module implements PAM authentication to support interactive auth using Github device login.
You can allow users in a specific organization (and in a specific team) to access the SSH server, create an account for them and ask them whether to save their Github public keys into `authorized_keys` for further logins.

### Usage:
#### 1. Create a Github App 
Navigate to [here](https://github.com/settings/apps/new). Remember to check the `Enable Device Flow` option and grant the permission `Organization-Members-Read only`
#### 2. Install the Github App to your organization
You'll need to be a owner of the org or request permission from the owners to perform this.
#### 3. Clone the repo and compile it
You'll need `rustup` and `libpam0g-dev`.
#### 4. Modify `/etc/pam.d/sshd`
Comment out the line `@include common-auth`, and add the following line 
`auth required pam_ssh_github_auth.so client_id=xxx org=yyy team=zzz auto_create_user=sudoer allow_import_keys`

The parameters specifications are in this table
| param name | required | description |
|------------|----------|-------------|
| client_id | true | client_id for your Github App|
| org | true | Your organization's name |
| team | false | The team name of authorized users, split with `,` |
| auto_create_user | false | When specified with value `sudoer`, the program automatically add the user into sudoers file |
| allow_import_keys | false | Whether the users can choose to import their ssh keys into `authorized_keys` or not |

#### 5. Modify `/etc/ssh/sshd_config`
Set `KbdInteractiveAuthentication yes` and `UsePAM yes`

#### 6. To automatically add users into sudoers, execute the following commands
```sh
# Run this as root
echo "sshd ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: /usr/sbin/useradd, /bin/mkdir, /bin/chmod, /bin/chown, /bin/mv, /usr/bin/visudo, /bin/bash -c echo*, /bin/cat, /bin/touch, /bin/rm" > /etc/sudoers.d/sshd_permissions
chmod 0440 /etc/sudoers.d/sshd_permissions
```

#### 7. Restart your sshd server

Commit message:

fix(auth): add an issue

README.md, after:

## ssh-github-auth: Authenticate your SSH server using Github Organizations


This module implements PAM authentication to support interactive auth using Github device login.
You can allow users in a specific organization (and in a specific team) to access the SSH server, create an account for them and ask them whether to save their Github public keys into `authorized_keys` for further logins.

### Problems:
#### 1. Since SSH checks whether a user exists before calling PAM, the first login for a user will always fail. Possible workarounds are allowing users to add their ssh public keys (so that they won't need to auth over Github again), or let prompt the user to reconnect.

### Usage:
#### 1. Create a Github App 
Navigate to [here](https://github.com/settings/apps/new). Remember to check the `Enable Device Flow` option and grant the permission `Organization-Members-Read only`
#### 2. Install the Github App to your organization
You'll need to be a owner of the org or request permission from the owners to perform this.
#### 3. Clone the repo and compile it
You'll need `rustup` and `libpam0g-dev`.
#### 4. Modify `/etc/pam.d/sshd`
Comment out the line `@include common-auth`, and add the following line 
`auth required pam_ssh_github_auth.so client_id=xxx org=yyy team=zzz auto_create_user=sudoer allow_import_keys`

The parameters specifications are in this table
| param name | required | description |
|------------|----------|-------------|
| client_id | true | client_id for your Github App|
| org | true | Your organization's name |
| team | false | The team name of authorized users, split with `,` |
| auto_create_user | false | When specified with value `sudoer`, the program automatically add the user into sudoers file |
| allow_import_keys | false | Whether the users can choose to import their ssh keys into `authorized_keys` or not |

#### 5. Modify `/etc/ssh/sshd_config`
Set `KbdInteractiveAuthentication yes` and `UsePAM yes`

#### 6. To automatically add users into sudoers, execute the following commands
```sh
# Run this as root
echo "sshd ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: /usr/sbin/useradd, /bin/mkdir, /bin/chmod, /bin/chown, /bin/mv, /usr/bin/visudo, /bin/bash -c echo*, /bin/cat, /bin/touch, /bin/rm" > /etc/sudoers.d/sshd_permissions
chmod 0440 /etc/sudoers.d/sshd_permissions
```

#### 7. Restart your sshd server
